fix: add a note about the experience required (#1)
iwonderanddev/jobladder: README.md

* Has a global vision of the technical solution of the products
* Promotes culture, processes and best practices across the company
* Board member

> > [*] the number of years of experience is indicative, for example a developer with 8 years could be a lead developer, it depends on the skills and maturity, the same for others levels of course. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [*] the number of years of experience is provided as indication only. A developer with 8 years of experience could be hired as a lead developer, it depends on the skills and professional maturity. The same goes for the other levels.
```
